There are several main factions of the BTF, but there are only three which hold a majority of the voting power. They are known as the three pillars, and have changed from time to time, with Bessel United recently pushing out Armstrong Inc.

Underhill Inc.: Underhill Inc is the largest provider of produce, and foods, to the UAW and many others. Underhill Inc was founded but Ferdinand Underhill, a halfling, and his seventeen brothers. The business has stayed in the family for over 5 generations now and has grown to now own over 25 different worlds, all of which are kept as farm worlds. Underhill Inc is the most passive of the three pillars of the BTF, simply because they are in a very stable business, everyone needs food, and they make it the cheapest. It is not unknown however, for shipments from Underhill Inc to be diverted from those who get on their bad sides, and their competitors to have more than the a normal amount of failed harvests 

The Stout Heart Co.: Known primarily as a mining organization, Stout Heart Co. also has some of the most sought-after mercenaries in the galaxy, specializing in a plethora of missions in extremely adverse environments. This militaristic base allows for them to not only defend the BTF’s interests, but to also acquire materials from planets otherwise deemed infested where the wildlife would make other mining groups turn away due to the “risk” to their employees and all that. The Stout Heart Co. primarily hires those of dwarfish heritage due to their resilient nature and minimal acclimation time to the work culture. However, kobolds and goblinoids tend to be hired too for janitorial duties and such activities.

Bessel United:	Bessel United is the brainchild of gnomish industrialist Karl Jorgenson, who revitalized the man powered assembly line to levels out preforming that of the fully autonomous plants the UAW and others so widely use. When asked to revile his secret to success in this debate of man vs machine Jorgenson responded with a few moments of silence intermingled with some fumbling for words than answered, “We’ve just been um assuming that money is what motivates people for so long, and like it kind of is but that is not really it, it is something um deeper, you know, and we found that, now all our guys want to do is work, and they always got a smile while doing it” he paused for a moment and smiled softly “you know sometimes we gotta tell our guys to stop working they are working so hard and doing such a great job, we just gotta tell them to take a break, and they do, and they do, but when they are done they get right back at it”

Armstrong Inc.: Armstrong Inc was the first Goblinoid run business to make it into a pillar spot, their head was a Goblin named Jefferson Amsterdam, by all accounts an extremely stingy CEO of Armstrong, Armstrong Inc is known for their extremely high-quality weapons which don’t break the bank. Armstong was at the top of the BTF, that is before they came under fire for selling weapons rebellion on a world that The Stout Heart Co. was currently working on.
