formate:
	species:
		ethnic group
			homeworld

			etc


Humanoids: The diaspora of the Kuminids
	Humans:
		Home world: Mundus
		Home system: Sol

		Gravs: Run of the mill human
			Have a strong sense of identity with the UAW, due to their planetary living they have a strong tie between identity and 		
			location. Terrans are know the be hot headed and not shy with their words and actions, some might even call them brash at 		
			times.

		Spacers: Tend to be thin and tall, tend to have a darker complexion 
			Spending their lives on space stations and city ships spacers tend to have been prone to wander lust, they have a strong 		
			tie to their home star system, being know to feel discomfort when the stars are not what they know.

	Elves:
		Volnir: Tend to stand around 6ft in height with slighter build than humans pointed ears and thinner facial structure.
			Home world: Pyronist
			Home system: Eridanus

			Background:
				A culture defined by its logical nature, the Volnir are sometimes seen as aloof or snobbish due to their adherence to the
 				Volnith path. The Volnir where the first otherworldly being the Humans encountered, when the second FTL prob
 				past, Kamehameha, past into the void.

		Horrgi: Tend to stand around 6'7ft tall, are taller than their sister species, have eyes which range from yellow to light brown, and wispy hair, they have thin facial features.
			Home world: N/A
			Home system: N/A

			Background:
				The diaspora that took the Volnir to their homework Pyronist was not so kind to the Horrgi, who had to find other ways to
 				survive. They master the art of gene crafting, creating massive biological ships that have taken them far and wide. They,
 				like the spacers, have a wander lust in them.	

		Somuk: Tend to stand around 5'10ft tall, shorter than their sister species. They tend to have brown or green eyes, and their facial features tend to be thin, with the exception of their brow line which is thicker than that of a human.
			Home world: Remus
			Home system: Eridanus

			Backgrounds:
				The sister world to Pyronist, Remus, is where the Somuk found themselves. Unlike their brothers they do not follow the path
 				of Vonir, but the older traditions, the remnants of before the detonation. They
 				are a stubborn bunch, willing to do what is needed to achieve their goals, whether that be personal sacrifice or the
 				sacrifice of others.	

	Gnomes:
		Kenkbees:

		Whomor:

		Bransk:

	Dwarves:
		Khayerzek:

		Zetrakuz:

		Bukhaz:

	Halflings:
		Flafum:

		Hadgigard:
	

Orcoids: The diaspora of the Kashinites
	Orcs:
		Uru'kar:
			Home world: Kar
			Home system: Ur

			Background:
				The mountin folk of Kar, they tend to have longer thicker hair than the hen, but be of a shorter height. Legend has it that they are all desended of the great concurer Uru

		Uri'hen:
			Home world: Kar
			Home system: Ur

			Background:
				The planes folk of Har, they tend to be taller and have less hair over all.  Legend has it that thy came from the earth serpent Uri.

		Uri'Mohg:
			Home world: Mohg
			Home system: Ur
	
			Background:
				Living on the moon of Kar, they tend to be of slighter builds than theri kar bretherin. No one knows how they got their but it is said that when the concurer Uru slew the serpent Uri, its teeth landed on the moon and the Uri'Mohg came from those teeth

	Trolls:
		Gif:

		Gof:

	Giants:
		Unterforz:

		Aftnord:
	
	Ogre:
		Sagnoids:

		Jurgennoids:

		Hemnoids:

Goblinoids: The diaspora of the Bur'Throminids
	Goblins:
		Furzun:

		Hukkan: 

	Hobgoblins:
		Un'Eyay: 

		Tor'Mari: 

		Gar'Tan'uish: 

		Tar'Hatos:
	Bugbears:
		Bor: 

	Browny/FayFolk:

Draconoids: The diaspora of the Ophidinites
	Kobolds:
		Greenlings:

		Redlings:

		Graylings:

		Bluelings:

	Dragon Kin:
		Far:

		Harth:

		Salim:

	Reptilians:
		Ocetuzl:

		Humitza:

	Wyrmlings:
		Earth-born:

		Sky-born: